not only can students fail
happened on April 25
as suggested by the day 21 module 23
25 and 15 April that scene because of
of the carnation revolution I got because
did not like the expected carnations
I went when the military judge did for a
to send passion is what he wants
stay pretty class lasts in 2010
the segment revenue that the April 25
in function of ronaldo today that wants
to ride the cars and jewels of a lady
with Claudia, what else was there because
there was mistake
what is the dynamic good side there slave
or when sergio has tested
now he is a young gypsy and little ciganinho
in a book I won a big dream
I have long understood
here I go thinking someone understands
it's easy to do that I sang in evolution
of substrate cars , right?
so I went to portugal to get a
place on the table
the final date in the whole field of God's day
21 had freedom and independence 25
gabriel is a slave who when noel
slaves and slaves is not the carnations
slaves due to blackheads eliminated
without end
I do not know what I really want to remember
olinda's history abreu
I know this question was because not only
I can, but I can at this moment.
now it's always central fagot
thing looks that in fact only that I
understand the plot champion because nothing
very serious and will be remembered by us
we have independence
I only try to be independent because I like
see me and I'm only lying to my
understand that I have been in the function of
slaves
how much more than 30 thousand and 160 nm
Now it 's good who does not know what
happened on April 25 hi and exemption
life for freda by the book based on
bible book tim cell happen 20
thousand years ago nobody doing the function
of slaves until we passed a
republic
when we pass leonardo which is a replica
of cars in the quartermaster and physical goose
vila belmiro the calculations are paulo and com
God, I did not go when football and
referee saw why the botafogo is that the
Daddy, it's not going to come out well.
I got to understand that I went back
slave who was able to stop the woman
neglected to digital inclusion is becoming
pistol had a rose
I'm in her , a voice is already born in her
who ask slave who was thrill
rest
the book of São Paulo
I hope to contribute to our culture is
from now
then call participated today in
comment was fox ball itself